We improved our app quite a bit.
But the issue we have is that if you click on a server or a user we load a brand new page.
It would be nicer if it were loaded next to this menu.
So we need some nested routing.
We can also see that in the app module we kind of have some duplication here.
All these routes here start with servers and all these rods with users.
So it would be nice to nest them and to have some Schildkraut which all started with servers.
And here in this case for example let's add such Schild rods to do this.
I'll go to my service component route to the shlep slash service route and I'll add a number property.
Children.
Children takes a number aere over ballots so I can simply take my two hour service routes here and abdomens
side of desirée as children.
Now servers should now be removed because that is not always prepended at the beginning anyways.
So we have to make sure to get rid of it here and now we have just ID and ID it.
So this is now already better because now we group that together it gives us more and there's wiggle
grouping here though.
You notice that on the server this year we have to service component.
Well component to be loaded still.
The question now is where will the server component be loaded then.
Because data is yet never challenged route of our service component.
And you can see that this is an issue if we reload our app.
Everything's working correctly contest's server.
Now we get an error because now the error tells us that it cannot find an outlet to load our server
component in and indeed that can't because the only router outlet the only hook in our code where it
should load components is an app component here.
Now that is reserved for all our routes on the top level.
So slash nothings lets users use was ID name and service.
But the child routes of service need a separate outlet because the over ride is service component.
Instead they should be loaded nested into this service component and that actually is the behavior we
want.
So we can quickly get there by going to the service component HMO file and here when we load the edit
page or the app server page will here.
I will simply comment out all that code and instead add a router outlet here.
This now adds a new hook which will be used on all child routes off the route being loaded on the service
component which of course is our slash service route here.
So all this childish child routes will be loaded in this router out of place now.
So for his safe this and now we let this reload.
You dont see anything here but if I click a server it's now loaded next to the menu because this is
where we added our second router outlet and this is how you can easily add child routes.
Let's do the same for the user routes.
Now in the app module our ADD children.
So this property which takes an array of routes.
And I only have one nested route here but that's fine.
So we'll add that here.
Get rid of the users at the beginning just have Slash.
Well then the idea of named the two dynamic parameters and load the user component.
And now in my user has compiled an HMO file I'll replace my app user here with the number router outlet
where all the user related child route where the one user or related child that we have will be loaded.
So if we save this you now see we load the user next to it and that is why it is super important to
dynamically update the idea and so on because the component wasn't X changed.
We were able to switch to loaded user Valdis old component to user component single user component was
already loaded.
And this is how you can implement child routeing nested routes with these children property which holds
all the nested routes